google/ai/generativelanguage/v1beta2 true grpc+rest true true true
google/firestore/v1beta1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/firestore/admin/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/firestore/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/firestore/bundle true grpc+rest false false false
google/container/v1beta1 true grpc true true true
google/container/v1 true grpc true true true
google/home/enterprise/sdm/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/home/graph/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/apps/market/v2 true grpc+rest true true true
google/apps/alertcenter/v1beta1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/apps/script/type false grpc+rest false false false
google/apps/script/type/slides false grpc+rest false false false
google/apps/script/type/gmail false grpc+rest false false false
google/apps/script/type/calendar false grpc+rest false false false
google/apps/script/type/drive false grpc+rest false false false
google/apps/script/type/sheets false grpc+rest false false false
google/apps/script/type/docs false grpc+rest false false false
google/apps/drive/activity/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/apps/drive/labels/v2beta true grpc+rest true true true
google/apps/drive/labels/v2 true grpc+rest true true true
google/storage/v2 true grpc true true true
google/pubsub/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/chromeos/uidetection/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/chromeos/moblab/v1beta1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/datastore/admin/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/datastore/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/filestore/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/filestore/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/optimization/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/recaptchaenterprise/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/recaptchaenterprise/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/language/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/language/v1beta2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/dataplex/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/phishingprotection/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/iot/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/mediatranslation/v1beta1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/clouddms/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/pubsublite/v1 false grpc false true true
google/cloud/kms/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/kms/inventory/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/documentai/v1beta1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/documentai/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/documentai/v1beta2 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/documentai/v1beta3 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/workstations/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/workstations/v1beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/dataform/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/dataform/v1alpha2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/privatecatalog/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/webrisk/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/webrisk/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/vmwareengine/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/paymentgateway/issuerswitch/v1 false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/automl/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/automl/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/video/stitcher/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/video/transcoder/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/video/livestream/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/speech/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/speech/v1p1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/speech/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/contactcenterinsights/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/security/publicca/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/security/privateca/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/security/privateca/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/datastream/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/datastream/v1alpha1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/vision/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/vision/v1p2beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/vision/v1p1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/vision/v1p4beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/vision/v1p3beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/alloydb/v1alpha false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/alloydb/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/alloydb/v1beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/shell/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/beyondcorp/appconnectors/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/beyondcorp/appgateways/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/beyondcorp/clientconnectorservices/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/beyondcorp/appconnections/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/beyondcorp/clientgateways/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/apigeeregistry/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/metastore/v1alpha false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/metastore/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/metastore/v1beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/identitytoolkit/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/channel/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/location false grpc+rest false false false
google/cloud/managedidentities/v1beta1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/managedidentities/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/support/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/eventarc/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/eventarc/publishing/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/recommendationengine/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/datafusion/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/datafusion/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/deploy/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/iap/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/iap/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/notebooks/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/notebooks/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/gsuiteaddons/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/translate/v3beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/translate/v3 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/apigeeconnect/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/lifesciences/v2beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/gkemulticloud/v1 false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/scheduler/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/scheduler/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/visionai/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/visionai/v1alpha1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/networkmanagement/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/networkmanagement/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/sql/v1beta4 false grpc false true true
google/cloud/sql/v1 false grpc false true true
google/cloud/dataproc/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/enterpriseknowledgegraph/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/websecurityscanner/v1alpha false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/websecurityscanner/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/websecurityscanner/v1beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/batch/v1alpha false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/batch/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/timeseriesinsights/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud false grpc+rest false false false
google/cloud/contentwarehouse/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/vpcaccess/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/redis/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/redis/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/apigateway/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/baremetalsolution/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/dataqna/v1alpha false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/servicedirectory/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/servicedirectory/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/recommender/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/recommender/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/functions/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/functions/v2beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/functions/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/functions/v2alpha false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/bigquery/storage/v1beta1 false grpc false true true
google/cloud/bigquery/storage/v1 false grpc false true true
google/cloud/bigquery/storage/v1beta2 false grpc false true true
google/cloud/bigquery/datapolicies/v1beta1 false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/bigquery/datapolicies/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/bigquery/biglake/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/bigquery/biglake/v1alpha1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/bigquery/datatransfer/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/bigquery/reservation/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/bigquery/migration/v2 false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/bigquery/migration/v2alpha false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/bigquery/dataexchange/v1beta1 false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/bigquery/analyticshub/v1 false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/bigquery/connection/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/bigquery/connection/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/networksecurity/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/networksecurity/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/ids/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/connectors/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/domains/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/domains/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/domains/v1alpha2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/binaryauthorization/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/binaryauthorization/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/securitycenter/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/securitycenter/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/securitycenter/settings/v1beta1 false grpc false true true
google/cloud/securitycenter/v1p1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/confidentialcomputing/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/confidentialcomputing/v1alpha1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/gkebackup/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/tasks/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/tasks/v2beta3 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/tasks/v2beta2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/gkehub/v1alpha false grpc+rest true true false
google/cloud/gkehub/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/gkehub/v1 false grpc+rest true true false
google/cloud/gkehub/v1beta false grpc+rest true true false
google/cloud/gkehub/v1alpha2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/resourcemanager/v3 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/datacatalog/lineage/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/datacatalog/v1beta1 false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/datacatalog/v1 false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/orchestration/airflow/service/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/orchestration/airflow/service/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/talent/v4 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/talent/v4beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/tpu/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/tpu/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/tpu/v2alpha1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/run/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/billing/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/billing/budgets/v1beta1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/billing/budgets/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/gkeconnect/gateway/v1beta1 false grpc false true true
google/cloud/advisorynotifications/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/datalabeling/v1beta1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/secrets/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/osconfig/v1alpha false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/osconfig/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/osconfig/v1beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/osconfig/agentendpoint/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/osconfig/agentendpoint/v1beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/secretmanager/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/audit false grpc+rest false false false
google/cloud/commerce/consumer/procurement/v1alpha1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/resourcesettings/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/compute/v1 false grpc false true true
google/cloud/compute/v1small false grpc false true true
google/cloud/gaming/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/gaming/v1beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/asset/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/asset/v1p2beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/asset/v1p1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/asset/v1p7beta1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/asset/v1p5beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/discoveryengine/v1beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/certificatemanager/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/essentialcontacts/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/networkconnectivity/v1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/networkconnectivity/v1alpha1 false grpc true true true
google/cloud/texttospeech/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/texttospeech/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/storageinsights/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/retail/v2beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/retail/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/retail/v2alpha false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/dialogflow/v2beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/dialogflow/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/dialogflow/cx/v3beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/dialogflow/cx/v3 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/vmmigration/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/videointelligence/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/videointelligence/v1beta2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/videointelligence/v1p2beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/videointelligence/v1p1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/videointelligence/v1p3beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/networkservices/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/networkservices/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/memcache/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/memcache/v1beta2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/assuredworkloads/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/assuredworkloads/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/edgecontainer/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/policytroubleshooter/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/workflows/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/workflows/v1beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/workflows/executions/v1 false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/workflows/executions/v1beta false grpc+rest false true true
google/cloud/aiplatform/v1beta1 false grpc false true false
google/cloud/aiplatform/v1 false grpc false true false
google/cloud/accessapproval/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/cloud/orgpolicy/v1 false grpc+rest false false true
google/cloud/orgpolicy/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/type false grpc+rest false false false
google/streetview/publish/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/area120/tables/v1alpha1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/maps/addressvalidation/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/maps/places/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/maps/routes/v1 false grpc+rest false false true
google/maps/playablelocations/v3 true grpc+rest true true true
google/maps/routing/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/maps/mapsplatformdatasets/v1alpha true grpc+rest true true true
google/maps/roads/v1op false grpc+rest true true true
google/maps/regionlookup/v1alpha true grpc+rest true true true
google/bigtable/admin/v2 true grpc true true true
google/bigtable/v2 true grpc true true true
google/privacy/dlp/v2 true grpc+rest true true true
google/analytics/admin/v1alpha false grpc+rest true true true
google/analytics/admin/v1beta true grpc+rest true true true
google/analytics/data/v1alpha true grpc+rest true true true
google/analytics/data/v1beta false grpc+rest true true true
google/partner/aistreams/v1alpha1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/iam/admin/v1 true grpc true true true
google/iam/v1 false grpc+rest false false true
google/iam/v2beta true grpc+rest true true true
google/iam/v1beta false grpc true true true
google/iam/v2 true grpc+rest true true true
google/iam/credentials/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/identity/accesscontextmanager/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/identity/accesscontextmanager/type true grpc+rest false false false
google/spanner/admin/instance/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/spanner/admin/database/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/spanner/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/appengine/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/geo/type false grpc+rest false false false
google/rpc/context false grpc+rest false false false
google/rpc false grpc+rest false false false
google/monitoring/v3 true grpc true true true
google/monitoring/dashboard/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/monitoring/metricsscope/v1 true grpc true true true
google/ads/searchads360/v0 false grpc false true false
google/ads/admob/v1 false grpc true true false
google/ads/googleads/v12 false grpc false true false
google/ads/googleads/v13 false grpc false true false
google/storagetransfer/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/cloudbuild/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/cloudbuild/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/build/v1 true grpc+rest false true true
google/devtools/artifactregistry/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/artifactregistry/v1beta2 true grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/cloudtrace/v1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/cloudtrace/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/clouderrorreporting/v1beta1 false grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/cloudprofiler/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/remoteworkers/v1test2 true grpc+rest false true true
google/devtools/clouddebugger/v2 false grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/containeranalysis/v1beta1 true grpc+rest true true false
google/devtools/containeranalysis/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/testing/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/devtools/source/v1 false grpc+rest false false true
google/longrunning false grpc+rest false false false
google/logging/type false grpc+rest false false false
google/logging/v2 true grpc true true true
google/api/servicecontrol/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/api/servicecontrol/v2 true grpc+rest true true true
google/api/serviceusage/v1beta1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/api/serviceusage/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/api false grpc+rest false false false
google/api/servicemanagement/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/api/apikeys/v2 true grpc+rest true true true
google/example/library/v1 true grpc+rest true true true
google/dataflow/v1beta3 true grpc+rest true true true
